Client to Server
----------------

"create"
    gamestate (object):
        GameState representation returned by gamestate.objectify()

    Request the creation of a new game.  The server responds with a "created"
    message, or an "error-message" if the game cannot be created.

"join"
    game_id (string)

    Request the client to join the game with the given ID.  Server responds
    with "game" or an "error-message" if the specified game ID is invalid or
    the client has already joined a game.


"selection"
    selection (object):
        MoveSelection representation returned by moveselection.objectify()

    Informs the server of the user's current move selection, to be broadcast
    to other connected clients.  (Does not affect the server-side game state.)
 
"turn"
    moves (array):
        An array of move strings, where each move is an array of twe strings
        describing the corresponding field coordinates.

    Requests the server executes the given turn, described by the list of moves
    to execute during the movement phase.  The server broadcasts the turn to all
    other players, including the original client, to confirm that the turn was
    accepted.


Server to Client
----------------

"game":
    gamestate (object):
        GameState representation returned by gamestate.objectify()

    Notifies the client of the current game state.  Sent once per connection,
    in repsonse of a "join" message.

"error-message":
    message (string):
        A human readable error message.

    Sent by the server whenever it wants to inform the client that an error has
    occurred.  The message is intended to be displayed to the user.

    (FIXME: it is currently not possible to unambiguously associated error
            messages with the client's messages -- if any -- that caused them.)

"selection":
    selection (object):
        MoveSelection representation returned by moveselection.objectify()

    Notifies the client of a change in move selection for the current player.

"turn":
    moves (array):
        An array of move strings, where each move is an array of two strings
        describing the corresponding field coordinates.

    Notifies the client that another turn has been executed.  The client is
    supposed to update its game state.

"created":
    game_id (string):
        ID of game created in response to a "create" message.

    Notifies the client that a new game has been created.  Sent in response to
    a "create" message only.
